Change SAML instructions to not use email for NameID (#6659)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-sso-saml-2.0.md

| email | Unspecified | user.email | The user's email address |
| first_name | Unspecified | user.first_name | The user's first name |
| last_name | Unspecified | user.last_name | The user's last name |
| NameID | Unspecified | ID | The user's unchanging ID |

> `NameID` values can be persistent (`urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:nameid-format:persistent`) rather than unspecified if your IdP has support for these values.  Using an email address for `NameID` will work, but results in entirely new users being created after an email address change.  It's best to configure a value that will not change even when a user's email address changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NameID` values can be persistent (`urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:nameid-format:persistent`) rather than unspecified if your IdP supports these values.  Using an email address for `NameID` will work, but dbt Cloud creates an entirely new user if that email address changes.  Configuring a value that will not change, even if the user's email address does, is a best practice.
```

From the Set up Single Sign-On with SAML page:

1. Click **Edit** in the User Attributes & Claims section.

> 2. Click **Unique User Identifier (Name ID)** under "Required claim."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Unique User Identifier (Name ID)** under **Required claim.**
```

3. Set **Name identifier format** to **Unspecified**.
4. Set **Source attribute** to **user.objectid**.

> 5. Delete all claims under "Additional claims."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Delete all claims under **Additional claims.**
```

> 6. Click **Add new claim** and add these three new claims:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Add new claim** and add the following new claims:
```

   | Name | Source attribute |
   | ----- | ----- |
   | **email** | user.mail |
   | **first_name** | user.givenname |
   | **last_name** | user.surname |

> 7. Click **Add a group claim** from User Attributes and Claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Add a group claim** from **User Attributes and Claims.**
```

> 8. If you'll assign users directly to the enterprise application, select **Security Groups**. If not, select **Groups assigned to the application**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. If you assign users directly to the enterprise application, select **Security Groups**. If not, select **Groups assigned to the application**.
```
